Where can I get them a Manchu and Han feast?
Our dinner party
Usually open late
Why don't we all have a drink first?
Since the eldest lady said so
I happen to be thirsty too
Where is the drink? Where am I going?
Of course it's the refrigerator.
Go get it
Are you sure?
It's your say
I don't know about my home?
What are you doing?
It's Miss
Not there.
Dawdling
You're dying of thirst
Miss, do you have any drinks in the refrigerator?
Have you looked carefully?
How can you not drink under your armpits?
I've searched everything and there's nothing
I said it wasn't there
You let
Blind your dog eyes
Ah!
I almost forgot I didn't have a drink at home, damn it
Didn't buy it
Is that so?
Which one of you can order takeout? Order the most expensive wine.
Come to my house, I don't want to live with this little money
Then get out of here
Don't be so aggressive
Is there wine in the house? Are you the master or am I the master?
Get your hands off me!
Don't you want to drink? It will be expensive later.
Are you a fool or a local dog?
The eldest lady is the master
If he said no, then there must be no.
Why do you know better than the master?
Just look at it, what the hell?
Let it go and give up